Ahhhh!
Ah!
Kill autumn gold
Don't fire
Fingers to Heart
You said I was pulling out your fingernails first
Or cut off two first and feed them to the dog?
You better kill me
At first
You should stop thinking about that woman
Ah I won't kill you
I have all kinds of ways to get you to talk
Master Shen
I'm not dying. What?
Hahahahahahahahahahaha
What's the situation now?
Auntie's condition has basically stabilized
But that orphanage
I don't know what Fa-rectification has been done
Auntie was locked in there for too long
The three souls and six souls have all left the body, and now there is only a flash left
that
Is there any way to get it back?
Of course you forgot
I am the most powerful Kundao in the entire Xuanmen
However, before the practice
Gotta charge it
You can't be serious
Why am I not serious?
I'm going to spend years of hypocrisy
Go save auntie
I want to have some intimate contact with you to replenish some spiritual power
Besides, I'm a girl, I'm not unhappy
You are
It's fully charged. You can go out first and cook at night.
Okay, I'll wait for you to sleep outside.